Content/guidance key - Paragraph (#544)
centrica-engineering/nucleus-docs: src/content/docs/components/ns-card.mdx

| Key | Field type | Guidelines |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| <span class="marker">A</span> | Heading | The recommended length is between 4 and 12 words, not exceeding 50 characters in total. Headings contain light and bold font weight to highlight key messaging. |

> | <span class="marker">B</span> | Paragraph | A single, short paragraph works best. Copy length should not exceed two paragraphs of 3 lines. Include emphasis with `<strong>`, inline links `<a>`, lists `<ul>` `<ol>`. Add [caveat link](/components/ns-caveat) if required. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <span class="marker">B</span> | Paragraph | A single, short paragraph works best. The text length should not exceed two paragraphs of 3 lines. Include emphasis with `<strong>`, inline links `<a>`, lists `<ul>` `<ol>`. Add a [caveat link](/components/ns-caveat) if required. |
```

Reviewer: The word 'Copy' can be ambiguous in some cases. Perhaps the word Text is more explicit? 

Also maybe add the article 'a' before 'caveat link' or alternatively make plural - 'caveat links'?

Author: I've applied these changes.
